= Niko-niko Calendar plugin for Redmine

Niko-niko Calendar (Niko-cale) plugin is a Redmine plugin that shows the mood of project members and the overall project on a daily basis.
If you want to know more about Niko-niko Calendar, see the following page.
http://www.geocities.jp/nikonikocalendar/index_en.html

== Requirements

* This plugin works only with Redmine 0.9.0 or higher.

== Plugin installation

1. Copy the plugin directory into the vendor/plugins directory
2. Rename the plugin directory to redmine_niko_cale
3. Migrate plugin:
   rake db:migrate_plugins RAILS_ENV=production
4. Start Redmine
5. Add the Niko-cale module into your project.
6. Setup the permissions for the Niko-cale module for each of your roles.

== How to use

=== Edit feeling

You can edit your feeling by clickiing [+] button.

=== Scope setting

* Date
* Role
* Sub projects

=== RSS feed

You can get the RSS feed of anyone's feeling.

=== Add comment

You can comment to other user's feelings.
If a comment to a feeling is created, e-mail notification is sent to the user of the feeling.

=== Settings

You can change the plugin's settings by [Administration]->[Plugins]->[Niko-niko Calendar plugin Configure]

==== Retention period

You can select the retention period of feelings.

==== Editable period

You can select the editable period of feelings.

==== face images

You can select face images.
You can add face images by copying the formatted folder into /redmine_niko_cale/assets/images/faces/.
The folder should include these files.
* good.png or good.gif
* ordinary.png or ordinary.gif
* bad.png or bad.gif

== License

This plugin is licensed under GNU General Public License version 3.
